Why do we call them apartments if they’re all stuck together?

I told my plants a joke. They’re rooted in laughter now.

I invented a new word today: Plagiarism.

My fridge just told me I should eat healthier. I guess it's running a snack intervention.

If you’re ever cold, just go stand in the corner of a room. They’re usually 90 degrees.

I put my grandma on speed dial. Now I call it “Instagram.”

Why do seagulls fly over the sea? Because if they flew over the bay, they’d be bagels.

I tried to organize a professional hide-and-seek tournament. Good players are hard to find.

Parallel lines have so much in common. It’s a shame they’ll never meet.

I’m reading a book about anti-gravity. It’s impossible to put down.

Do you think sand gets jealous of the beach? All those waves stealing the spotlight.

I asked my dog what’s two minus two. He said nothing.

I would tell you a construction joke, but I’m still working on it.

I threw my clock out the window. I wanted to see time fly.

When life gives you lemons, throw them back and demand chocolate.

I told my computer I needed a break. Now it’s taking forever to load.

The guy who stole my diary just died. My thoughts are with his family.

I bought a thesaurus, but when I opened it, all the pages were blank. It left me speechless.

Why don’t skeletons fight each other? They don’t have the guts.

I asked the librarian if the library had any books on paranoia. She whispered, "They're right behind you."

I was going to tell a joke about an elevator, but it’s a long story with lots of ups and downs.

I signed up for a class on procrastination. It starts tomorrow… I think.

Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.

My phone charger and I had a fight. Now it’s giving me bad connections.

I accidentally swallowed some food coloring. I feel like I’ve dyed a little inside.

The secret to happiness? Lower your expectations to groundhog-level surprises.

I tried to start a bakery. People said my ideas were half-baked.

Every calendar’s days are numbered, but mine is *extra* shady.